Clarify that Duplicate Option Name is a data model error (#577)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/syntax.md

A _message_ is **_<dfn>valid</dfn>_** if it is _well-formed_ and
**also** meets the additional content restrictions
and semantic requirements about its structure defined below for

> _declarations_, _matcher_ and _options_.

Reviewer: Why is this addition necessary?

Author: It makes it clearer where in the doc to hunt for those "semantic requirements". IIRC we started with a single list that was pretty much the next paragraph after this, but the refactorings and later changes have moved them all over the place.

> Multiple _options_ are permitted in an _annotation_.
> Each _option_ is separated by whitespace.
> 
> The _option_ _identifiers_ MUST be unique within each _expression_.
> Otherwise, the _message_ is not considered _valid_.

Reviewer: I think some reformulation is needed here.

```suggestion
Multiple _options_ are permitted in an _annotation_.
_Options_ are separated from other parts of the _annotation_
and from each other by whitespace.
Each _option_'s _identifier_ MUST be unique within the _annotation_: 
an _annotation_ with duplicate _option_ _identifiers_ is not valid.
```
